This is the configuration directory for privleapd. You can define actions here
that users can then run using leaprun (or any other program that implements the
privleap protocol as a client).

Each configuration file in this directory must end in a .conf extension, and
the filename must consist only of the ASCII 7-bit characters a-z, A-Z,
underscore (_), hyphen (-), and period (.). Files that do not adhere to this
requirement are silently ignored (including this README). Files in nested
directories are ignored. Symlinks to files are followed so long as the symlink
name adheres to the filename requirements. (The file used as the symlink's
target is not obligated to follow the filename requirements, since its filename
isn't used in any meaningful way by privleap.)

Each configuration file defines an *action*. Each action can be executed in
response to a signal. The name of the action defined by the configuration file
is the configuration file's name with `.conf` trimmed off of the end. For
instance, a file named `restart-tor.conf` defines an action named `restart-tor`.

Each configuration file is formatted as follows:

* Lines starting with zero or more whitespace characters followed immediately
  by a `#` are comments. Other lines are interpreted as key/value pairs, with
  the keys and values separated by a single equals (=) sign.
* Blank lines are ignored.
* The following keys are recognized:
    * Command= - The Bash code to run when this action is triggered.
    * AuthorizedUser= - The user that is permitted to trigger this action. If
      this key is undefined, any user may trigger this action, otherwise only
      requests for this action from this user are accepted.
    * AuthorizedGroup= - The group that is permitted to trigger this action.
      If this key is undefined, any group may trigger this action, otherwise
      only requests for this action from this group are accepted. Note that if
      you are using AuthorizedGroup, you probably do NOT want to use
      AuthorizedUser in tandem, otherwise only the specified user will be able
      to trigger the action. If you want all users in a group and specific users
      outside of that group to be allowed to trigger an action, create multiple
      actions, one for the group and one for each user.

privleapd must be restarted for any changes to the configuration directory to
take effect. Note that if a configuration file contains a syntax error (for
instance, a line with no = sign separating the key and value), privleapd will
fail to start.
